What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
After an unsuccessful harvest, why did the farmer decide to try a career in music? Because he had a ton of sick beets.
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system.
My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. “That's my stepladder,” he said. "I never knew my real ladder.”
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop.
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos.
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner.
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein.
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays.
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the purple!
My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, "I always have a few Twix up my sleeve."
How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper.
What's the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores.
Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable.
In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble.
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue.
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes.
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable.
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
Did you know that the first french fries weren’t cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out.
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? You look for fresh prints.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged.
I just broke up with my mathematician girlfriend. She was obsessed with an X.
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1.
I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet.
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines.
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled?
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, “You have to help me, I think I’m shrinking.” “Now settle down,” the doctor calmly told him. “You'll just have to learn to be a little patient.”
A ship carrying red paint and a ship carrying blue paint collide in the middle of the ocean. Both crews were marooned.
What is a guitar player's favorite Italian food? Strum-boli.
Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue.
I don't get why bakers aren't wealthier. They make so much dough.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane.
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line.
My wife left me because of my obsession with pasta. I'm feeling cannelloni right now.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar.
I was playing chess with my friend and he said, “Let’s make this interesting.” So we stopped playing chess.
I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody.
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood.
Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up.
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said “parking fine.”
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table.
"Cop: I'm arresting you for downloading the entire Wikipedia." Man: "Wait! I can explain everything!"
I'm Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me.
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. At least it does if you throw it hard enough.
I’m addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help.
In 2017 I didn't do a marathon. I didn't do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke.
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory.
Ever since we started quarantining, I've only been telling inside jokes.
If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning.
My landlord told me we need to talk about the heating bill. "Sure," I said. "My door is always open."
I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. "No," I said. "It's to look at."
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot.
My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it.
When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear.
A century ago, two brothers decided it was possible to fly. And as you can see, they were Wright.
I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it.
Anyone looking to buy a Delorean? Good shape, good mileage. Only driven from time to time
During my calculus test, I had to sit between identical twins. It was hard to differentiate between them.
Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend.
Why did the Invisible Man turn down a job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it.
I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, “I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.”
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let's get together and make a spectacle of ourselves.
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it.
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it.
Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn’t too sure about that but I could do a wicked “Bohemian Rhapsody.”
What’s the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus.
At the job interview, they asked me, “Where do you see yourself in five years?” I told him, “I think we’ll still be using mirrors in five years.”
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you!
How do you make a water bed bouncier? Add spring water.
I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing.
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base.
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries.
I tried to start a professional hide and seek team, but it didn't work out. Turns out, good players are hard to find.
Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough.
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot.
I had an appointment to see my psychic next week, but she just called to cancel. She said I won’t be able to make it.
Swords will never go obsolete. They're cutting edge technology.
I asked the IT guy, "How do you make a Motherboard?" He said, "I tell her about my job."
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07.
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died.
You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you.
My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed.
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming.
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice.
I was reading a great book about an immortal dog the other day. It was impossible to put down.
What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public? A private tutor.
I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard.
They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important.
Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? “Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.”
I have a fish that can breakdance. Only for ten seconds though, and only once.
My friend said that if he went off a cliff, it would be on his own accord. It’s a good thing he drives a Civic.
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it’s becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys.
What do you call bears with no ears? B.
A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. “You can't cut me down,” the tree complains. “I’m a talking tree!” The man responds, “You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.”
When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein.
What’s worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm? Biting into an apple and finding half a worm.
I just got my doctor's test results and I’m really upset. Turns out, I’m not gonna be a doctor.
My wife gave birth three times and still fits in her prom dress from high school. I gave birth zero times and I don’t fit in my pants from March.
When I see the names of lovers engraved on a tree, I don’t find it cute or romantic. I find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates.
After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it.
Why didn’t the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space.
My wife gave me an ultimatum: Her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake.
My wife told me to quit doing my terrible Arnold impression, but don't worry, I'll return.
“Just look at that couple down the road,” a wife told her husband. “He keeps holding her hand, kissing her, holding the door for her. Why can’t you do that?” “Are you insane?” he responded. “I barely know the woman!”
I was sitting on the back porch with my wife when I suddenly blurted out, “I love you.” “Is that you or the beer talking?” she asked. I answered, “It’s me… talking to my beer.”
“Siri,” I asked my phone, “why am I so bad with women?" She responded, “I’m Bixby, you moron.”
"Your wife and daughter look like twins," my friend said. "Well," I replied, "they were separated at birth."
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing.
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment.
My wife and I have decided not to have kids. The kids are taking it pretty badly.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
My daughter just shrieked at me, “Daaaaaad, you haven’t listened to a word I’ve said, have you?” What an odd way to begin a conversation.
I have a great joke about nepotism. But I’ll only tell it to my kids.
“Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is?” No sun.
I’d like to have kids one day. I don’t think I could stand them any longer than that, though.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
My parents raised me as an only child. Which really annoyed my younger brother.
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa!
A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, “That’s arson.”
Today I decided to go visit my childhood home. I asked the residents if I could come inside because I was feeling nostalgic, but they refused and slammed the door on my face. My parents are the worst.
Concerned that his son was spending too much time on video games, a dad told him, “When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was studying books by the light of the fireplace.” “Oh yeah?” the son retorts. “Well, when Abe Lincoln was your age, he was President of the United States.”
A son tells his father, “I have an imaginary girlfriend.” The father sighs and says, “You know, you could do better.” “Thanks Dad,” the son says. “That means a lot.” The father shakes his head and goes, “I was talking to your girlfriend.”
Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, “Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?”
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it’s perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he’s still making fun of me.
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine.
How do all the oceans say hello to each other? They wave!
What did one wall say to the other wall? I’ll meet you at the corner!
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear!
What do you call cheese that’s not yours? Nacho cheese!
What do you get when you cross a snowman and a vampire? Frostbite!
What do elves learn in school? The elf-abet.
Why are seagulls called seagulls? Because if they flew over the bay, they’d be bagels!
Why did the girl smear peanut butter on the road? To go with the traffic jam!
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta!
Why couldn’t the pony sing himself a lullaby? He was a little hoarse.
What’s a pirate’s favorite letter? Rrrrrrr!
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste.
Why are fish so smart? Because they live in schools!
What did 0 say to 8? Nice belt!
Why do bananas have to put on sunscreen before they go to the beach? Because they might peel!
What do you call a cow on a trampoline? A milk shake!
Where do cows go for entertainment? To the moo-vies!
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef!
What do you call a pig that knows karate? A pork chop!
Why are ghosts bad liars? Because you can see right through them!
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honey combs!
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator!
Why did the man run around his bed? Because he was trying to catch up on his sleep!
What do you call a dinosaur that is sleeping? A dino-snore!
Why did the teddy bear say “no” to dessert? Because she was stuffed.
What has ears but cannot hear? A field of corn.
What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between us, something smells!
What did one plate say to the other plate? Dinner is on me!
Why did the kid cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
What do you call a droid that takes the long way around? R2 detour.
How do you stop an astronaut’s baby from crying? You rocket!
What is a witch’s favorite subject in school? Spelling!
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree!
What animal is always at a game of cricket? A bat.
What is a tornado’s favorite game to play? Twister!
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
How does a scientist freshen their breath? With experi-mints!
How are false teeth like stars? They come out at night!
How can you tell a vampire has a cold? They starts coffin.
What’s worse than finding a worm in your apple? Finding half a worm.
What time is it when the clock strikes 13? Time to get a new clock.
What do you call a boomerang that won’t come back? A stick.
Did you hear about the new restaurant on the moon? The food was good, but there really wasn’t much atmosphere.
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles!
What did the nose say to the finger? Stop picking on me!
What is a vampire’s favorite fruit? A blood orange.
What do you call a dog magician? A labracadabrador.
Why didn’t the skeleton go to the dance? He had no body to dance with.
What kind of award did the dentist receive? A little plaque.
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
What did the big flower say to the little flower? Hi, bud!
Where do rabbits go after they get married? On a bunny-moon!
What sound do hedgehogs make when they hug? Ouch!
What do you call an old snowman? Water.
Why didn’t the orange win the race? It ran out of juice.
What dinosaur had the best vocabulary? The thesaurus.
What creature is smarter than a talking parrot? A spelling bee.
What is orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
What kind of dinosaur loves to sleep? A stega-snore-us.
Where do sheep go to get their hair cut? The baa-baa shop.
What do you call a group of disorganized cats? A cat-tastrophe.
Why did the chicken get a penalty? For fowl play.
Where do you learn to make banana splits? At sundae school.
Why did the tomato turn red? It saw the salad dressing.
What’s the worst thing about throwing a party in space? You have to planet.
Why did the tree go to the dentist? It needed a root canal.
Why can’t you trust atoms? They make up everything!
Why did the opera singer go sailing? They wanted to hit the high Cs.
When do doctors get angry? When they run out of patients.
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? In case they got a hole in one.
What did the calculator say to the math student? You can count on me.
Why couldn’t the bike stand up? It was too tired.
What did the digital clock say to the grandfather clock? Look! No hands!
Why did the computer go to the doctor? It had a virus.
What did the hat say to the scarf? You hang around, and I’ll go on ahead.
Did you hear about the kidnapping in the park? They woke him up.
What do you call a guy lying on your doorstep? Matt.
What do snowmen call their fancy annual dance? The Snowball.
Why is it so windy inside an arena? All those fans.
What do you do if you see a spaceman? Park your car, man.
Why should you never trust a pig with a secret? Because it’s bound to squeal.
What do you call a flower that runs on electricity? A power plant!
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!
What falls in winter but never gets hurt? The snow!
What do you call a dog that can tell time? A watch dog!
Why did the stop doing tests at the zoo? Because it was full of cheetahs!
What room can nobody enter? A mushroom!
What kind of key can never unlock a door? A monkey!
